11

Cmte on HR bill to allow transportation of goods to & from Phila
& Balt, by way of Appoquinimink and Sassafras. Jan 30, 1801.
Bingham, Wells, Howard.

\Vcmte on HR bill to discharge Samuel Lewis, Sr. from imprisonment.
Jan 30, 1801. Greene, Tracy, Baldwin.

\, cmte on petition of Daniel Brent & other clerk, r.e. increase
pay. Jan 30, 1801. Anderson, Hillhouse, Greene.

\, Cmte on petition of Joseph Nourse. Feb 3, 1801. Tracy, Ross,
Paine. Feb 26: cmte discharged & Nourse given leave to withdraw
petition.

\, cmte on HR bill making Biddeford &.Pepperrelborough & New
Bedford, MA ports of entry. Feb 5, 1801. D Foster, Langdon, J.
Mason. Also refer petition of Nathaniel Waldron & others.

\ cnte on HR bill to incorporate a mine and metal company. Feb 5,
1801. Tracy, Ross, Morris.

i ee on HR bill giving right of pre-emption to certain persons
who have contracted with John Cc. eyenee. Feb 6, 1801. Brown,
Ross, Paine.

\V emte on HR bill to add to district of Massac on the OH & amend
the act to regulate collection of duties on imports and tonnage.
Feb 6, 1801. Brown, Anderson, Marshall.

\vemte on PUS message of Feb 16th, r.e. public property in his
possession. Feb 18, 1801. Nicholas, Tracy, Baldwin.

Jt cmte on what accommodations necessary to PUS, term beginning
March 4th. Feb 18, 1801. .Nicholas, Tracy, Baldwin.

Cmte on HR bill making appropriations for 1801. Feb 20, 1801.
Tracy, Dayton, Langdon. Also refer HR bill making appropriations
for military establishment. Feb 24: refer HR bill making
appropriations for naval establishment. March 2: cmte revived,
consider HR amendments to Senate amendments to appropriation bill
for 1801.

‘Vemte on HR bill to amend act for valuation of lands and dwelling
houses. Feb 20, 1801. Ross, Hillhouse, Nicholas.

\, Cmte on HR bill for relief of Nathaniel Holmes. Feb 20, 1801. D
Foster, Langdon, J Mason.

\, Cmte on HR bill declaring consent of Congress to acts of MD,
health officer. Feb 24, 1801. Langdon, Bingham, tracy.

Cmte on HR bill directing mode of estimating foreign pape &
currencies. Feb 24, 1801. Bingham, Dayton, Greene. Mb. al

Cmte on Greene’s bill for relief of William Arnold. Feb 24, 1801.
Greene, Tracy, Ross. A) lyst

6th Congress
