s
Jt emte to wait on PUS. March 27, 1804. Baldwint"?"

Executive Session

Nemte on treaty of demarcation and cession between US & Chactaw
nation. Nov 15, 1803. Adams, Nicholas, Wright. Dec 21 Venable
replace Nicolas who absent. ; x :

Nemte to inquire if any further proceedings necessary on
convention with Spain. Nov 25, 1803. Bradley, Jackson, Baldwin.

N emte on PUS's message of Dec 21, r.e. convention with Spain
relative to indemnities & spoilations on US commerce. Jan 9,
1804. Bradley, Baldwin, Jackson.

2nd Session, vol 4 (November 1804 - March 1805)
Jt cmte to wait on PUS. Nov 7, 1804. Smith(MD), Baldwin.

\,cmte to inquire whether copies of US laws have been procured
pursuant to law. passed last session & if procured to report mode
for disposal of those copies. Nov 12, 1804. Tracy, Baldwin,
Franklin.

\Ngt cmte on enrolled bills. Nov 19, 1804. Moore. March 3 appoint
Adams in place of Moore, absent with permission. Appoint
Smith(OH) in place of Adams, excused.

\. Cmte on HR bill making appropriations for carrying into effect
treaty of amity, commerce and navigation between US & GB. Nov 19,
1804. Baldwin, Tracy, Logan.

\ Cmte on HR resolution, sense of Congress for gallant conduct of
Captain Stephen Decatur. Nov 22, 1804. Bradley, Baldwin, Giles.
lead mings ,
V Cmte on a i
i i Nov 22, 1804. Logan, Wright, Ellery.

N/Cmte on HR bill making appropriations to supply deficiency for
support of govt for 1804 & making partial appropriation for next.
Nov 29, 1804. Stone, Giles, Condit.

Nemte on HR bill declaring assent to NC law. Nov 29; 1804. cocke,
Bradley, Franklin.

\Ncmte on rules for impeachment. Nov 30, 1804. Giles, Baldwin,
Breckinridge, Stone, I Smith.

\ cmte to examine enabling law for OH statehood with leave to

report by bill or otherwise. Dec 3, 1804. Worthington, Giles,
Bradley, Breckinridge, Tracy.

8th Congress, Journal
