\ emte to whom recommitted bill granting right of pre-emption to
purchasers of public lands in certain cases. March 27, 1810.
Meigs, Gregg, Giles.

‘\\ cmte on HR bill for discharge of Phineas Varney from
imprisonment. March 28, 1810. Bradley, Goodrich, Gregg.

\ emte on HR bill for relief of Tristam Hussey. March '28, 1810.
German, Bradley, Gregg.

Cmte on HR bill for discharge of John Kerr from imprisonment.
March 28, 1810. Turner, Tait, Crawford.

\\ emte on memorial of proprietors of Middlesex Canal. March 28,
1810. Lloyd, Bradley, Gilman. Immediately report bill.

\, cmte on Clay's bill to regulate trade with Indian tribes. March
30, 1810. Clay, Anderson, Meigs.

\ Cmte on Anderson's motion to inquire if any alterations necessary
in act establishing trading houses with Indian tribes with leave
to report bill. March 30, 1810. Anderson, Crawford, Gregg.

\, cmte to whom recommitted bill for discharge of John Kerr. March
30, 1810. Turner, Crawford, Tait.

‘“cmte to whom recommitted petition of Richard B. Lee, with report
of Sec of War & other documents. April 2, 1810. Brent, Crawford,
Clay. .

Ncmte on bill for relief of Jared Shattuck with PUS's message of
March 30. April 2, 1810. Bradley, Gregg, Bayard.

Cmte on bill to examine into title of batture in front of suburb
St. Mary. April 3, 1810. Whiteside, Crawford, Gregg, Bradley,
Hillhouse.

\, cmte.on cmte report on petition of Urban Guillet, Society La
Trappe. April 6, 1810. Brent, Gregg, Giles. April 7 report bill.

Cmte to whom recommitted PO bill for purpose of further amending
so to abridge privilege of franking letters & packets, esp in
respect to postmasters. April 7, 1810. Crawford, Clay, Anderson.

“™ Cmte on HR bill for relief of John Thompson. April 9, 1810.
Campbell, Clay, Giles. April 13 refer petition to Sec of War with
documents. April 19 reject bill. April 20 give Thompson leave to
withdraw his petition.

‘“ emte on HR bill for relief of Moses Young. April 9, 1810.
Smith(MD), Crawford, Gregg.

llth Congress, Journal
