413

Cmte on 22nd rule. Dec 10, 1810. Cutts, Horsey, Gilman. Gilman's
motion.

Cmte on 42nd rule. Dec 10, 1810. Leib, Campbell, Dana. Leib's
motion.

Jt cmte on enrolled bills. Dec 10, 1810. Cutts. Leib's motion.
March 3, 1811 Franklin added to cmte. d

Cmte on Leib's motion on so much of PUS's message on militia with
leave to report by bill or otherwise. Dec 11, 1810. Leib, Reed,
Smith(MD), Anderson, Gilman. Dec 14 refer report of Sec of War,
system of regulations for improving discipline of militia. Feb
28, 1811: discharged.

Cmte on PUS's message of Dec 12, r.e. report of Sec of State on
need for more $. Dec 12, 1810. Franklin, Crawford, Goodrich.
Refer HR bill making additional appropriation for relief &
protection of distressed American seamen.

Cmte on Leib's motion to consider expediency of directing Sec of
T to deposit in banks other than BUS bonds given to govt for
duties. Dec 14, 1810. Leib, Crawford, Goodrich.

Cmte on memorial of city council of Washington with leave to
report by bill or otherwise. Dec 14, 1810. Dana, Tait, Gaillard,
Horsey, Giles.

Cmte on petition of William Davy & Son & others. Dec 18, 1810.
Giles, Crawford, Anderson, Goodrich, Pope.

Cmte on petition of BUS, renewal of charter. Dec 18, 1810.
Crawford, Leib, Lloyd, Pope, Anderson. Dec 24 refer memorial of
Phila Chamber of Commerce. Jan 8, 1811 refer memorial of Bank of
NY. Jan 10 refer memorial of NYC citizens (M. Clarkson). Jan 21
refer memorial of Baltimore insurance company. Jan 22 refer
memorial of Ocean Insurance Co. of NYC. Jan 24 refer memorial
from KY. Jan 30 refer memorial of Phil mechanics & manufacturers.
Jan 31 refer memorial from Phila. Feb 4 refer petition from
Pittsburgh & memorial of Columbia Insurance Company.

Cmte on Dana's motion to inquire into expediency of authorizing
surveys & examinations to be made respecting lakes or waters
along northern frontier with leave to report by bill or
otherwise. Dec 20, 1810. Dana, Robinson, Bradley, Condit,
Franklin.

Cmte on petition of Union Bank of Georgetown. Dec 21, 1810.
Smith(MD), Anderson, Pickering. Reject motion to refer to cmte
on petition of Bank of Potomac.

Cmte on HR bill to fix compensation of additional assistant ping.
Dec 21, 1810. Bradley, Leib, Smith(MD).

llth Congress, Journal
