16

Cmte on HR bill making appropriations for military establishment.
Jan 29, 1811. Smith(MD), Gregg, Pickering.

Cmte on memorial of MS territorial leg, r.e. statehood. Jan 29,
1811. Anderson, Bayard, Dana.

Cmte on PUS's message of Jan 30, r.e. public lands, with leave to
report by bill or otherwise. Jan 31, 1811. Worthington, Gregg,
Franklin.

Cmte on HR bill for Bank of Alexandria. Feb 1, 1811. Bayard,
Brent, Bradley.

Cmte on Worthington's motion to consider necessary alterations to
law for Cumberland Road. Feb 4, 1811. Worthington, Cutts,
Franklin.

Cmte on Bradley's motion to consider necessary alterations to
compensation for public ministers & consuls residing on Barbary
Coast. Feb 4, 1811. Bradley, Brent, Bayard.

Cmte on petition of Phila clergy, r.e. Sunday mail, with leave to
report by bill or otherwise. Feb 4, 1811. Gregg, Bayard, Bradley. .

Cmte on petition of Moses Byxbe & memorial of western missionary
society with leave to report by bill or otherwise. Feb 4, 1811.
Campbell, Robinson, Franklin.

Cmte on HR bill for incorporating Protestant Episcopal Church of
Alexandria. Feb 4, 1811. Franklin, Taylor, Pickering.

Cmte to whom recommitted bill making provisions for corps of
engineers. Feb 5, 1811. Anderson, Crawford, German, Smith(MD),
Brent.

Cmte on petition of Charlotte Hazan with leave to report by bill
or otherwise. Feb 6, 1811. Bradley, Franklin, German.

Cmte on petition of James Wilkinson with leave to report by bill
or otherwise. Feb 6, 1811. Bradley, Campbell, Gregg.

Cmte on HR bill for relief of Richard Tervin, William Coleman,
Edwin Lewis, Samuel Mims, Joseph Wilson & Baptist Church in
Salem, MS. Feb 7, 1811. Gregg, Franklin, Bradley.

Cmte on HR bill for sale of tract of land in TN & IN territory.
Feb 7, 1811. Worthington, Campbell, Franklin.

Cmte on Bradley's motion to consider expediency of establishing
additional collection district on northern boundaries of US with
leave to report by bill or otherwise. Feb 8, 1811. Bradley,
German, Crawford.

1ith Congress, Journal
