15th Congress Committees

1st Session (Dec 1817 - 1818)

Cmte to consider if any legislative measures necessary for
admitting MS as state. Dec 1, 1817. Barbour, King, Williams (TN)

Jt cmte to wait on PUS. Dec 1, 1817. Tichenor, Macon.

Cmte on enrolled bills. Dec 1, 1817. dison. “Dec 22 Noble
appointed in place of Wilson, absent.*Dec 29 Noble excused;
Wilson elected..March 13 on motion by Tait, elect Noble to
replace Wilson who absent \ April 20 Fromentin appointed in place
of Noble who absent.

Cmte 42nd rule. Dec 1, 1817. Lacock, Dickerson, Daggett.
Cmte 22nd rule. Dec 1, 1817. Crittenden, Dickerson, Ruggles.
Jt cmte on library. Dec 1, 1817. Dickerson, King, Tait.

“cmte on Daggett's resolution for distribution of certain
documents. Dec 8, 1817. Daggett, Roberts (move for commitment) ,
Barbour. Dec 11 refer HR resolution for distribution of certain
laws to members of congress.

Ncmte on Barbour's proposed constitutional amendment on internal
improvements. Dec 10, 1817. Barbour, King, Lacock, Macon, Eppes.

Standing Committees. Appointed Dec 11, 1817. 5 members each. On
Dec 12, on motion by Campbell, standing cmtes given with leave to
report by bill or otherwise and also Barbour, Sanford, Campbell,
Lacock, Morrow, Roberts move to refer parts of PUS's message to
their cmtes. Dec 15 Lacock [to DC cmte], Noble, Tait move to
refer parts of PUS's message to their cmtes.

Nemte on foreign relations. Barbour, Macon, Troup, King, Lacock.
March 23 refer PUS's message transmitting correspondence between
State Dept & Spain. March 30 refer documents referred to in
report of Sec of State made March 14 communicated today by PUS.
April 4 refer HR bill in addition to law for punishment of
certain crimes.

\ cmte on finance. Campbell, Eppes, King, Talbot, Macon. Dec 12
refer HR bill to abolish internal duties. Dec 15 refer Hr bill
supplement to law establishing mint.Dec 31 refer HR bill to remit
duty on painting given to Phila Hospital. Jan 22 refer HR bill
making appropriations for payment of arrearages which have been
incurred for support of military establishment previous to Jan 1,
1817; HR bill making appropriations for military service for
1818. Jan 29 on Williams(MS)'s motion, refer PUS's message of Jan

15th Congress, Journal
