Cmte on HR bill for relief of Hugh Alexander & others. Jan 25,
1803. Tracy, Bradley, Brown.

Cmte on HR bill for incorporating insurance company in city of
Washington. Jan 25, 1803. Nicholas, J. Mason, Tracy. Feb 7 bill
ppd. Feb 15 agree to consider, made order of day for Fri next.

Cmte on PUS's message of Jan 18 as relates to salt springs on the
wabash with leave to report by bill or otherwise. Jan 25, 1803.
Franklin, Breckinridge, Anderson. Feb 7 Ross replace Franklin who
absent with permission. Feb 26 refer HR bill concerning salt
springs on Wabash river.

Cmte on memorials of circuit judges. Jan 27, 1803. Morris, Ross,
Dayton.

Cmte on HR bill for relief of Wm. Ray & john Follawell. Feb 2,
1803. Tracy, Baldwin, D Foster.

emte on HR bill in addition to law fixing military peace
establishment. Feb 2, 1803. Jackson, Sumter, Howard.

Cmte on Hr bill authorizing sale of land belonging to US navy
yard in Charleston, MA to Salem turnpike road & Chelsea bridge
corporation. Feb 2, 1803. J Mason. Bradley, Tracy.

Cmte on petition of Stephen Sayre to consider & report. Feb 2,
1803. Tracy, Logan, Breckinridge. Feb 4 Baldwin replace Tracy who
excused because of ill state of health.

Cmte on Hr bill for consuls & vice consuls. Feb 7, 1803.
Nicholas, J Mason, Bradley.

Cmte on petition of Robert Ross. Feb 7, 1803. Breckinridge, Ross,
Bradley.

Cmte to consider if amendments necessary to act providing for
sale of lands in nw territory. Feb 8, 1803. Breckinridge, Ross,
TEACY .

Cmte on HR bill providing for granting of clearances to ships

lying in river MS. Feb 9, 1803. Dayton, Breckinridge, Anderson.

Cmte on HR amendments to bill for relief of insolvent debtors in
DC. Feb 11, 1803. Breckinridge, Ross, Wright.

Cmte on petition of J.C. Symmes with report of AG. Feb 11, 1803.
Bradley, Baldwin, Tracy.

Cmte on HR bill for relief of Moses White. Feb 14, 1803. Tracy,
Baldwin, Bradley.

cmte on Hr bill for additional armament for protection of seamen
& commerce of US. Feb 14, 1803. Clinton, Anderson, Jackson.

7th Congress, Journal
