\vemte on HR bill for relief of John G. Camp. Jan 22, 1816.
Barbour, Wilson (mover), Roberts.

\, Cmte on HR bill for relief of Jonathan Rogers, Jr. of Waterford,
CT. Jan 22, 1816. Daggett, Varnum, Roberts.

Cmte to whom recommitted bull to fix compensation of Senate
officers. Jan 23, 1816. Fromentin, Lacock, Macon, Daggett,
Varnun.

“Cmte on HR bill for relief of George Nebinger. Jan 23, 1816.
Roberts, Wilson (mover), Macon. Feb 12 cmte discharged, on motion
by Roberts & bill referred to cmte on finance. March 4 bill
referred to cmte to whom recommitted report on petition of Alfred
Carter.

~cmte on petition of Thomas Law & others with leave to report by
bill or otherwise. Jan 24, 1816. Bibb, Mason(VA), Goldsborough.

“~ Cmte on memorial of Waits with leave to report by bill or
otherwise. Jan 25, 1816. King, Varnum, Fromentin. Feb 2 report
resolution that 500 copies of state papers be published by T.B.
Wait & sons.

Nemte to whom recommitted engrossed bill for White and Wrighter.
Jan 25, 1816. Chace, Barbour, Macon. Tichenor made motion.

\vemte on petition of Francis Le Barron with leave to report by
bill or otherwise. Jan 25, 1816. Varnum, Mason(VA), Daggett.

Nv cmte on Morrow's motion to consider if any provision necessary
for payment of pensions in states where officer of commissioner
of loans is not established with leave to report by bill or
otherwise. Jan 26, 1816. Morrow, Talbot, Barry.

\ cmte to whom recommitted bill for relief of Jonathan Rogers, Jr.
Jan 29, 1816. Daggett, Roberts, Varnum.

\ ante on memorial of NYC govt for reimbursement. Jan 30, 1816.
King, Varnum. Tait.

“Nvemte on petition of Richard Mitchell with leave to report by bill
or otherwise. Jan 30, 1816. Williams, Talbot, Macon.

\ emte on petition of Isaac Briggs with leave to report by bill or
otherwise. Jan 30, 1816. Wells, Macon, Chace.

\N. emte on petition of Harmon Hendricks. Jan 31, 1816. Sanford,
Brown, Chace. Feb 2 on motion by Sanford, cmte discharged &
petition be referred to cmte on finance.

Nvemte on HR bill to amend law of costs. Feb 1, 1816. Roberts,
Daggett, Ruggles.

14th Congress, Journal
