15

Cmte on PO and post roads. Wilson, Ashmun, Thompson, Talbot,
Chace. March 3 refer HR bill to alter & est certain post roads.

Cmte on pensions. Howell, Varnum, Condit, Wells, Roberts. Feb 24
refer HR bill for invalid pensions.

Cmte on so much of PUS's message, r.e. weights & measures with
leave to report by bill or otherwise. Dec 13, 1816. Dana,
Hardin, Morrow, King, Ruggles.

Cmte on so much of PUS's message, r.e. National University with
leave to report by bill or otherwise. Dec 13, 1816. Brown,
Daggett, Mason(NH), Condit, Goldsborough.

Cmte on so much of PUS's message as relates to roads & canals
with leave to report by bill or otherwise. Dec 13, 1816. Horsey,
Morrow, Lacock, Ashmun, Fromentin. Feb 11 refer HR bill to pledge
bonus of BUS for internal improvements. Feb 25 refer HR bill
making appropriations for road. Feb 28 Daggett move recommit
bonus bill with instructions that funds be earmarked for DC
according to #s of free persons, but rejected 14 to 22. Bill pass
as amended 20 to 15.

Cmte on so much of PUS's message as relates to slave trade with
leave to report by bill or otherwise. Dec 13, 1816. Horsey,
Ruggles, Tait, Hardin, Daggett.

cmte on so much of PUS's message as relates to making AG member
of cabinet. Dec 13, 1816. Sanford, Macon, Williams, Daggett,
Mason(NH). Dec 17 refer jt report from Secretaries of different
depts.

Cmte on petition of Thomas Law & others. Dec 16, 1816. Daggett,
Goldsborough, Mason(VA).

Cmte on Mason(VA)'s motion on DC (standing cmte). Dec 18,1816.
Mason(VA), Goldsborough, Macon, Daggett, Stokes. Feb 21 refer HR
bill authorizing extension of Columbia turnpike within DC. March
1 refer HR bill making further provisions for repairing public
bldgs.

Cmte on MS statehood. Jan 7, 1817. Tait, Brown, Chace, Mason(NH),
Stokes.

Cmte on Williams motion to consider expediency of purchasing
copies of late edition of US laws. Jan 13, 1817. Williams, Macon,
Varnun.

cmte on resolution to authorize PUS to commission paintings from
John Trumbull. Jan 15, 1817. Barbour, Goldsborough, King.

Jt cmte to allot rooms in capitol. Jan 20, 1817. Hardin, Macon.
Cmte on petition of Richard Taylor. Jan 24, 1817. Talbot, Ashmun,

Williams.

14th Congress, Journal
