11

\ emte on Roberts' motion on PUS's message of April 11,
recommending establishment of distinct office within State dept
for patents. April 15, 1816. Roberts, Macon, King. April 29 cmte
discharged on motion by Roberts.

\ emte on Wilson's motion on resolution requiring Sec of State to
compile and print every 2 years register of all officers and
agents, civil, military, & naval. April 16, 1816. Wilson, Macon,
Sanford.

\. Cmte on HR bill supplement to law to regulate trade with Indians.
April 16, 1816. Morrow, Varnum, Barry. .

\.Cmte on HR bill fixing compensation of Sec of Senate & Clerk of
HR.. april 17, 1816. Williams, Lacock, Macon.

\. Cmte on HR bill for relief of Moses Turner. April 17, 1816.
Chace, Daggett, Macon.

“cmte on HR bill making appropriation for enclosing & improving
public square near the capitol, etc. April 20, 1816. Lacock,
Macon, Daggett.

Cmte on HR bill providing additional compensation to district
judge of southern district of NY. April 20, 1816. Daggett,
Sanford, Goldsborough. Also refer HR bill laying tax for purpose
of defraying cost of building jail and courthouse in Alexandria.

Cmte on Hr bill authorizing payment of $ to John Rogers & others.
April 23, 1816. Daggett, Sanford, Goldsborough.

Cmte on HR bill for invalid pensioners. April 25, 1816. Lacock,
Morrow, Varnum.

cmte of Conference on bill fixing compensation for Sec of Senate
and clerk of HR. April 27, 1816. King, Williams, Mason(NH).

Jt cmte to wait on PUS. April 30, 1816. Varnum, Roberts.

Executive Journal

Cmte on nomination of William Gamble. Jan 9, 1816. Lacock,
Wilson, Condit. Jan 10 refer all other nominations not yet acted
on. Feb 5 refer nomination of James Stevens & all nominations for
Assessors and Collectors of direct tax.

\ Cate on nomination of Daniel Bissell. Feb 14, 1816. Mason(VA),
Barbour, Williams. Feb 15 cmte discharged & referred to cmte on
military affairs.

Cmte on nominations made in messages of April 4, 16, & 20 which
have not been acted on. April 23, 1816. Wilson, Condit, Roberts.

14th Congress, Journal
