4 blank

\ Cmte on HR bill for corps of artillerists and engineers. April
24, 1794. Gunn, Taylor, Bradley, King, Langdon. Also refer HR
bill directing a detachment from militia.

“cmte on Sec of War’s report on invalid pensioners. April 25,
1794. Taylor, Ellsworth, Brown, Jackson, Livermore.

“Ncmte of conference on recruiting service bill. April 29, 1794.
Strong, Ellsworth, Gunn.

‘Vemte on bill for relief of French inhabitants of Galliopolis.
April 30, 1794. Brown, Burr, Taylor, King, Potts.

\cmte on petition of James Mathers. April 30, 1794. Taylor,
Morris, Cabot. Also, refer petition of George Taylor & other
principal clerks in Exec depts. On May 22, enjoin cmte to report
on George Taylor (already did on Mathers). Cmte report on May 25.

\Vemte on King’s bill to prohibit export of guns and ammo for
limited time. May 6, 1794. Hawkins, King, Livermore.

‘\ emte on motion made May 2 that a quantity of timber be provided
for building 20 ships of 44-guns each. May 6, 1794. Hawkins,
Morris, Langdon, Butler, Cabot.

\ emte on motion that cmte be appointed to consider what part of
trade released from effect of embargo without interfering with
principle of embargo. May 7, 1794. Butler, Ellsworth, Bradford.

~ Cmte to bring bill on next mtg of Congress. May 8, 1794.
Livermore, Jackson, Monroe.

Cmte on HR bill for payment of certain expenses incurred by
Fulwar Skipwith, on public account. May 12, 1794. Ellsworth,
Frelinghuysen, Ross.

Neinte on Ellsworth’s bill to authorize district judges to adjourn
circuit courts. May 12, 1794. Ellsworth, Frelinghuysen, Ross.

Cmte appointed April 15 last on KY senators’ resolutions relating
to navigation of MS. May 15, 1794 Ellsworth report. [Who else on
emte?] See. tXec 383 fpwnal, ;

\ gt emte on necessary business. May 16, 1794. King, Ellsworth,
Hawkins.

\emte on petitions of Moses Brown & others, and Oliver & Thompson.
May 16, 1794. Cabot, Ellsworth, Hawkins.

3rd Congress, Journal
