Cmte on Horsey's motion to consider whether acts of Congress
relating to general promulgation of laws require any amendments
with leave to report by bill or otherwise. Jan 3, 1814. Horsey,
Mason, Worthington.

Cmte on memorial of Union Bank of Alexandria. Jan 5, 1814.
Anderson, Daggett, Bledsoe.

Cmte on motion by Chace on petition of Simeon Knight, district
paymaster, presented April 24, 1812, together with report of
paymaster general thereon with leave to report by bill or
otherwise. Jan 5, 1814. Chace, Brown, Fromentin.

Cmte on Worthington's motion on HR bill granting Moses Hook right
of preemption. Jan 6, 1814. Brown, King, Mason. Also refer HR
bill for relief of William Boone.

Cmte on petition of Isaac M'Pherson & others, r.e. Oliver Evans.
Jan 6, 1814. Smith, Horsey, Worthington, Daggett, Bibb(GA). Feb
25 report bill for relief of Oliver Evans & an amendment. March
29 Evans granted leave to withdraw papers.

Cmte on petition of Paul Cuffe with leave to report by bill or
otherwise. Jan 7, 1814. gore, Daggett, Hunter.

Cmte on petition of Isaac Clason with leave to report by bill or
otherwise. Jan 7, 1814. German, Leib, Chace. Refer petition of
William Stothart & Josiah Starkey. Dec 10 discharged from
consideration of petition of Stothart & Starkey & referred to
emte on foreign affairs.

Cmte on petition of Washington Library Company. Jan 7, 1814.
Morrow, Leib, King.

Cmte on Bledsoe's motion to inquire into expediency of making
further regulations for internal navigation of waters of US with
leave to report by bill or otherwise. Jan 10, 1814. Bledsoe,
Dana, Smith.

Cmte on Dana's bill concerning evidence in cases of
naturalization. Jan 10, 1814. Dana, Taylor, Mason.

Cmte on Daggett's motion to consider propriety of making certain
provision concerning fees or costs of courts of US with leave to
report by bill or otherwise. Jan 10, 1814. Daggett, Brown, Gore.

Cmte on memorial of New England Mississippi Land Company with

leave to report by bill or otherwise. Jan 11, 1814. Hunter,
Taylor, Gore, Brent, Mason.

13th Congress, Journal
