16

Cmte on nominations in lists A, B, C & not acted on. March 26,
1814. Giles, Lacock, Chace (his motion). March 31 refer all
other military nominations not yet acted on.

3rd Session, Vol 8 (September 1814 - March 1815)
Jt cmte to wait on PUS. Sept 19, 1814. Robinson, Varnun.

Cmte 42nd rule. Sept 20, 1814. Lacock, Howell, Morrow.

Cmte 22nd rule. Sept 20, 1814. Fromentin, Thompson, Bledsoe. Feb
8 Barry appointed in place of Bledsoe who absent.

Jt cmte on enrolled bills. Sept 20, 1814. Howell. Oct 18 Roberts
appointed to cmte; Howell absent. Jan 24 Kerr appointed to
replace Roberts, excused (Tait's motion).

Cmte on memorial of IN territorial legislature, re public lands
with leave to report by bill or otherwise. Sept 21, 1814.
Morrow, Bledsoe, Thompson, Chace, Tait. Oct 10 instruct cmte.
(worthington's motion) to inquire into expediency of extending
time for locating VA military land warrants. Oct 18 report bill
pursuant to instructions. Nov 14 refer petition of Ladd, Ladd, &
Norvell. Jan 18 refer HR bill attaching Canton district in OH,
tract of land between foot of rapids of Miami & CT western
reserve; refer HR bill regulating sale of certain reserved
sections of land in OH; refer HR bill giving more time to
purchasers of public lands to complete payments. Jan 21 refer
memorial of MS legislature praying interested by remitted & more
time to complete payments for lands. Jan 24 Barbour appointed to
replace Bledsoe. Feb 1 refer HR bill giving right of pre-emption
to certain settlers in IN. Feb 4 refer HR bill amending law
confirming certain claims to land in IL territory. Feb 15 refer
petition of Michael Jones & W. Bond. Feb 20 refer HR bill
granting & securing to Anthony Shane right of US to tract of land
in OH. Feb 24 refer HR bill authorizing sale of lands hereafter
forfeited within Jeffersonville land district. Feb 25 refer HR
bill supplement to act for final adjustment of land titles in LA
and MO. March 1 discharged from consideration of petition of
Ladd, Ladd, & Norvell.

Cmte on standing rules of Senate. Sept 21, 1814. Bledsoe (mover),
Giles, Varnum, Bibb, Brown. Report Sept 22. Oct 4 reject report.

Cmte on Worthington's motion on so much of PUS's message as
relates to militia with leave to report by bill or otherwise.
Sept 22, 1814. Worthington, Varnum, Lacock, Chace, Anderson. Dec
8 refer HR bill to provide for widows & orphans of militia &
volunteers soldiers who killed in service. Dec 30 refer memorial
of Quakers for conscientious objector status. Jan 9 Dana

13th Congress, Journal
