12

Cmte on petition of Thomas JAnney & others. Feb 14, 1814. Giles,
Brent, Horsey.

Cmte on Smith's motion on so much of PUS's message at beginning
of session as relates to militia with leave to report by bill or
otherwise. Feb 14, 1814. Smith, Varnum, Anderson, Bibb(KY),
Giles. Feb 16 refer HR bill concerning field officers of militia.
Feb 23 refer Giles's bill for calling forth militia, etc. March
29 refer HR bill in addition to law calling forth militia. April
9 refer HR bill to provide for widows & orphans of militia slain.

Cmte on Giles's motion on Sec of War's report made July 14, 1813
on memorial of William Tatham with leave to report by bill or
otherwise. Feb 15, 1814. Giles, Smith, King. Feb 23 Giles move
that cmte be discharged & that further consideration be referred
to cmte on military affairs.

Cmte on Mason's motion to consider in what cases PUS may
consistently with constitution appoint persons without advice and
consent of Senate, to perform duties of Secretaries of State,
Treasury, War, & Navy & to consider if expedient to amend law
making alterations to Treasury and War departments passed May 8,
1792 & act of Feb 13, 1795 with leave to report by bill or
otherwise. Feb 15, 1814. Mason, Giles, King. Gore moved to
appoint cmte.

Cmte to whom recommitted bill for relief of David Porter. Feb 16,
1814. Brown, Anderson, Daggett. March 26 pass bill.

Cmte on HR bill for relief of Henry Fanning. Feb 181, 184.
German, Varnum, Anderson.

Cmte on memorial of DC justices of peace. Feb 18, 1814. Giles,
Smith, Hunter. March 7 refer memorial of William Fowle & others
against prayer of DC justices. April 18 cmte discharged.

Cmte on memorial & resolutions of KY legislature, r.e. border
with TN with leave to report by bill or otherwise. Feb 22, 1814.
Bledsoe, Giles, Anderson, Daggett, King. March 25 Bibb(KY)
replace Bledsoe who granted leave for remainder of session.

cmte on HR bill authorizing issue of Treasury notes for 1814. Feb
23, 1814. Smith, Taylor, King, Tait, Anderson.

Cmte on Mason's motion to consider expediency of providing a

library for use of supreme court. March 1, 1814. Mason, Brown,
Bledsoe.

13th Congress, Journal
