22

Cmte of conference on bill laying duties on saddles, carriages,
and gold or silver watches. Jan 5, 1815. Taylor, Bledsoe,
_ Daggett.

Cmte of conference on bill laying duties on various goods, wares,
merchandise made within US. Jan 3, 1815. Taylor, Bledsoe,
Daggett.

Cmte on PUS's message of Jan 2 with Sec of T's report, r.e.
Cumberland Road. Jan 6, 1815. Smith, Morrow, King.

Cmte on petition of Littleburg E. Stainback with leave to report
by bill or otherwise. Jan 7, 1815. Giles, Turner, Mason.

Cmte on petition of Robert Kid with leave to report by bill or
otherwise. Jan 9, 1815. Roberts, Chace, Kerr. March 1 given
leave to withdraw petition.

cmte on memorial of MS territorial legislature for additional
judge. Jan 9, 1815. Brown, Bibb, Chace.

Cmte on HR amendments to BUS bill. Jan 9, 1815. Smith, Bibb,
Anderson, Giles, Varnun.

Cmte on HR bill for relief. of James Doyle. Jan 13, 1815. Roberts,
Barbour, Thompson. Also refer HR bill for relief of Jacob
Shinnick, Shoultz, Vogeler, of Christian Chapman & legal rep of
John Calef deceased. Jan 19 discharged from consideration of bill
for Jacob Sinnick, etc. & bill referred to cmte on Washington
Bridge Company.

Cmte on HR bill for relief of William Robinson & others. Jan 13,
1815. Walker, Morrow, Chace.

‘Cmte on memorials from MS territories, r.e. land titles. Jan 17,
1815. Brown, Morrow, Taylor.

Cmte of Conference on bill authorizing PUS to accept services of
volunteers who may offer services. Jan 17, 1815. Brown, Bibb,
Mason.

Cmte on HR bills laying direct tax & laying duties on household
furniture, etc. Jan 18, 1815. Taylor, Daggett, Brown, Chace,
Smith (mover). Also refer HR bill laying duties on licenses to
retailers of wines, etc. (made by Fromentin). Jan 25 refer HR
bill to amend law laying duties on retailers of wines, etc.

cmte on HR bill for relief of inhabitants of New Madrid, MO. Jan
18, 1815. Fromentin, Morrow, Daggett. Also refer HR bill for
relief of heirs of James Hynun.

13th Congress, Journal
