10

cmte on HR bill to amend law for laying & collecting direct
taxes. Jan 12, 1814. Worthington, Fromentin, Chace.

Cmte on Worthington's motion to consider propriety of increasing
salaries of clerks & other officers of Congress with leave to
report by bill or otherwise. Jan 12, 1814. Worthington, Mason,
Robinson.

Cmte on Daggett's motion to consider expediency of making further
provisions, r.e. jurors to be summoned to attend US courts with
leave to report by bill or otherwise. Jan 12, 1814. daggett,
Brown, Mason. April 7 cmte discharged.

‘Cmte to whom recommitted bill for Union Bank of Alexandria. Jan

18, 1814. Anderson, Daggett, Bledsoe.

Cmte on petition of Bank of Metropolis. Jan 20, 1814. Campbell,
smith, Brown. Feb 14 Gore replace Campbell. Feb 18 refer petition
of Farmers' & Mechanics Bank of Georgetown. April 12 cmte
discharged.

Cmte on petition of John Calhoone, r.e. reward. Jan 20, 1814.
Hunter, Smith, Gore.

Cmte on report of Sec of Navy on John Teackle & memorial. Jan 21,
1814. Goldsborough, Fromentin, Smith. March 21 Teackle granted
leave to withdraw petition.

Cmte on petition of Jacob Gerard Koch & others, national bank,
with leave to report by bill or otherwise. Jan 22, 1814. Smith,
King, Brown, Taylor, Gore. (Lacock's motion). April 12 cmte

' discharged.

Cmte on Lacock's motion on petition of Stephen Girard. Jan 22,
1814. Leib, Lacock, Morrow. March 1 Roberts replace Leib who
resigned (Roberts appointed to Leib's seat). March 21 refer Hr
bill for his relief.

Cmte of Conference on bill making further provision for filling
ranks of regular army. Jan 22, 1814. Campbell, Bibb(GA), Smith.

Cmte on petition of J.B. Nicholls & other, Fire Insurance Company

in Alexandria with leave to report by bill or otherwise. Jan 22,
1814. Brent, Turner, Lacock.

13th Congress, Journal
