21

manufactured in US; refer HR bill laying duties on household
furniture, horses kept for saddle or carriage & gold & silver
watches. Dec 24 refer HR bill laying direct tax.

\,emte on Bibb's motion to consider expediency of appropriating
lands reserved for schools in MS with leave to report by bill or
otherwise. Dec 3, 1814. Bibb, Morrow, Wharton.

\, Cmte on petition of John C. Hurlburt with leave to report by bill
or otherwise. Dec 5, 1814. Daggett, Thompson, Chace. Dec 8 pass
bill. ‘

Cmte of Conference on bill laying duties on spirits distilled in
US. Dec 14, 1814. Taylor, King, Bledsoe.

Cmte of Conference on bill authorizing PUS to call on states to
meet quotas for militia. Dec 23, 1814. Bibb, Brown, German.

Cmte on memorial of William Gamble with leave to report by bill
or otherwise. Dec 23, 1814. Lacock, Chace, German. Jan 5, 1815
pass bill.

Cmte on CT petitions on Sunday mail. Dec 26, 1814. Daggett,
Smith, Morrow. Also refer petitions from NH. Dec 30 refer
petitions from OH. Jan 16 refer petition for Union, ME. Jan 19
refer petitions from NH. Jan 25 refer petition from Hollis, NH.
Jan 27 report inexpedient to pass any law on subject at this
time. Jan 28 adopt report.

Cmte on representation of commissioners, land in MS with leave to
report by bill or otherwise. Dec 26, 1814. Taylor, Hunter, Gore.

Jt cmte on Daggett's motion to consider permanent rules for
regulating expenses for printing, etc. Dec 29, 1814. Daggett,
Fromentin, Morrow.

Cmte on death of Brent. Dec 30, 1814. Smith, Varnum, Turner,
Gore, Daggett.

Cmte to prepare bill allowing drawbacks of duties imposed on
goods, wares, & merchandize manufactured in US to be exported.
Jan 3, 1815. Horsey, Smith, Dana. Horsey's original motion
called for instructing "the fiscal committee" to do this (Jan 2).

Cmte on HR bill providing for indemnification of certain

claimants of public lands in MS. Jan 3, 1815. Gore, Hunter
(mover), Taylor.

13th Congress, Journal
