24

Cmte on petition of Thomas Law & others. Feb 16, 1815. Bibb,
Barbour, Smith, Daggett, Chace.

Cmte on Lacock's motion to consider expediency of increasing
salary of Senate's sgt-at-arms with leave to report by bill or
otherwise. Feb 16, 1815. Lacock, Anderson, Barbour. Feb 20 pass
bill.

Jt Cmte on Horsey's motion to consider expediency of altering
current chambers for HR and Senate for better accommodation of
them. Feb 16, 1815. Horsey, Fromentin, Goldsborough.

Cmte on Morrow's motion to inquire whether law for establishing
trading houses with Indians which will expire at end of session
should be continued with leave to report by bill or otherwise.
Feb 17, 1815. Morrow, Anderson, Barry.

Cmte on petition of John Frothingham & Arthur Tappan with leave
to report by bill or otherwise. Feb 18, 1815. Gore, Anderson,
Smith. Feb 21 report bill.

Cmte on Smith's motion to consider expediency of repealing all
acts or parts of acts laying additional duties on goods, wares,
and merchandise imported in ships of foreign nations and of US
with leave to report by bill or otherwise. Feb 18, 1815. Smith,
Taylor, Bibb, Hunter, King.

Cmte on petition of James Lamb. Feb 20, 1815. Taylor, Dana,
Bibb. Feb 28 discharged.

Cmte on Barbour's motion to establish naval harbor in Chesapeake
bay. Feb 20, 1815. Barbour, Smith, King.

Cmte on Dana's motion to consider what privileges should be
secured by law to citizens of US as preferable to foreign
subjects in navigation with leave to report by bill or otherwise.
Feb 20, 1815. Dana, Smith, Gore, Hunter, King.

Cmte on HR bill for relief of Edward Hallowell. Feb 20, 1815.
Roberts, Horsey, Lacock.

Cmte on parts of PUS's message of Feb 20, r.e. preservation and
promotion of manufacturers with leave to report by bill or
otherwise. Feb 21, 1815. Roberts, Barbour, Taylor, Varnum,
chace. Feb 25 refer petition of Phila manufacturers. March 2 cmte
discharged.

Cmte on HR bill for relief of Joshua Sands. Feb 22, 1815. King,
German, Roberts.

13th Congress, Journal
