\\emte on Giles's motion on parts of PUS's message, r.e. embargo. Nov
11, 1808. Giles, Smith(MD), Hillhouse, Bradley, Pope. Dec 13 bill
making further provision for enforcing embargo recommitted. Dec 19

\ recommitted again on Bradley's motion & Crawford & Thruston added to
cmte.

“vemte on IN territory's resolutions. Nov 15, 1808. Pope. Tiffin,
‘Bradley. Jan 20 refer HR bill for dividing IN territory into 2 govts
and Meigs & Hillhouse added to cmte.

“ onte on enrolled bills. Nov 16, 1808. Thruston.

\.cmte on Bradley's motion on part of PUS's message, r.e. Barbary
powers. Nov 17, 1808. Bradley, Giles, Smith(MD).

\vemte on HR bill to authorize conveyance of certain papers & documents
by mail free of postage. Nov 22, 1808. Anderson, Moore, Franklin.

\, Cmte on Thruston's bill for relief of Andrew Joseph Villard. Nov 22,
1808. Thruston, Tiffin, Bradley.

\cmte on White's motion on Sec of T's report on roads & canals (April
4, 1808) & memorial of Chesapeake & Delaware canal company (9th
Congress) Nov 28, 1808. White, Reed, Mitchill, Anderson, Pope. Jan 24
ordered that memorial of Chesapeake & DE canal co be printed.

\Vemte on 22nd rule [engrossed bills). Dec 2, 1808. Tiffin, Turner,
Gregg.

\, cite on Gaillard's motion to inquire if any & what provision ought to
be made in case of inability of district judge to perform duties. Dec
5, 1808. Gaillard, Anderson, Bradley, Gregg, Crawford.

\, Cmte on memorial of Lemuel Taylor & others, r.e. post route. Dec 5,
1808. Reed, Crawford, Tiffin.

‘ emte on PUS's message of Dec 1, r.e. public buildings. Dec 8, 1808.
Bradley, Gregg, Franklin. Dec 9 report bill making appropriations
toward completion of 2 wings of capitol. See Dec 30.

‘\ emte on memorials & petitions of surviving officers of NY & PA line
from revolutionary war (presented Dec 8 & 12). Dec 12, 1808. Gregg,
Mitchill, Bradley. Jan 3 refer memorial of DE officers. On motion by

Ne6regg, Crawford replaced Bradley excused. Jan 13 refer memorials from
NY & CT officers. Jan 31 refer memorial of SC officers.

Cmte on motion by Lloyd as amended by Bradley to consider amount $
already spent on public buildings in WDC & how much more required to
finish PUS's house & square, and two wings of capitol. Dec 13, 1808.
Bradley, Lloyd, Smith(MD).

‘\ cmte on HR bill authorizing PUS to employ additional # of revenue
cutters. Dec 13, 1808. Mitchill, Smith(MD), Crawford.

10th Congress, Journal
