Cmte on HR resolution for jt cmte on necessary business. May 2,
1796. King, Potts.

cmte on Conference on bill for relief & protection of American
seamen. May 3, 1796. King, Burr.

“vemte on HR bill for relief of still owners. May 4, 1796. Ross,
Foster, Potts.

\, Cmte on HR bill for military establishment. May 4, 1796. Gunn,
Frelinghuysen, Bradford.

Cmte on HR bill for payment of certain US debts. May 6, 1796.
Bingham, Cabot, King.

“\.cmte on HR bill providing compensation for horses killed in
battle. May 6, 1796. Ross, Martin, Bradford.

‘\Nemte on HR bill for more effective collection of duties. May 6,
1796. Potts, Cabot, Bingham.

‘Nemte on HR bill for relief of Moses Myers. May 6, 1796.
Frelinghuysen, Foster, Tattnall.

‘Nemte on HR bill for erection of lighthouse on Cape Cod. May 6,
1796. Rutherfurd, Bradford, Cabot. Also refer HR bill for
relief of Samuel Brown,

\.cmte on HR bill for compensating Jonathan Hastings, deputy
postmaster of Boston. May 6, 1796. Gunn, Bradford, Cabot.

“~ cmte on HR bill for laying duties on carriages. May 9, 1796.
Rutherfurd, Tazewell, Burr.

\, Cmte on HR bill for relief of Sylvanus Bourne. May 10, 1796.
Foster, Martin, Langdon.

“\_cmte on HR bill altering sessions of circuit courts in VT & RI.
May 11, 1796, Bradford, Robinson, Foster.

Cmte on Conference on bill sale of lands nw of OH river & above
mouth of KY. May 12, 1796. Ross, King.

\, emte on bill relative to Quarantine. May 13, 1796. Rutherfurd,
Bingham, Langdon.

\, Cmte on HR bill to prevent sale of prizes brought into US by
vessels belonging .to any foreign prince or state. May 14, 1796.
Read, Burr, Cabot.\) on May 26, Langdon replace Cabot who absent
by permission.

Nemte on HR bill making additional allowance to certain public
officers for 1796. May 17, 1796. Gunn, Butler, Brown, Burr,
Strong. On May 18, refer HR bill altering compensation of
accountant of War Department.

4th Congress, Journal
