2

Cmte on Lee's motion regarding the reception of messages from the
HR. May 1, 1789. Ellsworth, Lee, Read.

Cmte of Conference on joint rules, enrolled bills & mode of
presenting addresses to PUS. May 6, 1789. Langdon, Read, Henry.

Cmte on titles (how Senate address PUS). May 8, 1789. Lee,
Ellsworth, Johnson.

Cmte to view rooms & confer with HR on how to appropriate. May 9,
1789. Few, Maclay, Strong.

Cmte to confer with HR on differences on titles. May 9, 1789.
Lee, Ellsworth, Johnson.

Cmte on how to determine classes for senators. May 11, 1789.
Ellsworth, Carroll, Few.

Cmte to confer with HR on what newspapers members furnished with
at public expense. May 13, 1789. Langdon, Strong, Carroll.

Cmte to report bill defining crimes & offenses & punishment
thereof. May 13, 1789. Johnson, Read, Langdon, Morris, Dalton,
Elmer, Henry, Gunn. May 21 Grayson added to cmte. June 12 Butler
added.

Cmte to meet with any HR cmte to lay before PUS oath bill. May
18, 1789. Lee.

Cmte to revise journal prior to publication. May 19, 1789.
Paterson, Carroll, Wingate.

Cmte to inspect oath bill. May 22, 1789. Who members?

Jt Cmte on how to receive messages from PUS. May 26, 1789. Lee &
Izard,

Cmte to consider & report mode of communicating act of Congress
to states & # printed. June 3, 1789. Morris, Carroll, Langdon,
Read, Lee.

Cmte to consider expediency of adding clause prohibiting
importation of goods from China or India in ships not belonging
to US to impost bill. June 8, 1789. Ellsworth, Morris, lee,
Butler, Dalton.

Cmte to report bill for regulating trade between US & territories
of other powers in North america, West Indies, so to place on
more beneficial & permanent footing. June 17, 1789. Butler,
Morris, Langdon, Dalton, Lee. Aug 5 Add Ellsworth, King, Read.

ist Congress, Committees
